Update docs (#353)
chatwoot/docs: docs/product/channels/whatsapp/twilio.md

Click `Create Twilio Channel` after filling in the information.

**Step 4**. "Add agents" to your inbox.

![add_agents](../images/whatsapp/add-agents-to-whatsapp-twilio.png)

Hooray! You have successfully created a whatsApp inbox.

![finish_inbox](../images/whatsapp/whatsapp-inbox-is-ready.png)

To connect a **WhatsApp** channel, you have to configure a callback URL in the Twilio inbox. Follow the following steps.

- Login to your Twilio Console.
- Go to `Programmable SMS -> Whatsapp -> Senders`.
- You will be able to see your phone number. Click on it. It will display a field like the one shown below.

![twilio_console](../images/whatsapp/twilio-setup.png)

> - Provide https://app.chatwoot.com/twilio/callback as the value for WHEN A MESSAGE COMES IN input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide `https://app.chatwoot.com/twilio/callback` as the value for `WHEN A MESSAGE COMES IN` input.
```

For such cases you can follow the steps given below.

1. Identify the step in your flow where you want the `agent handoff` to happen.
2. Add a `make http request widget` as shown below with the given values.

![twilio_studio](../images/whatsapp/twilio-studio-setup.png)

**REQUEST METHOD** : POST

**REQUEST URL**: [https://app.chatwoot.com/twilio/callback](https://app.chatwoot.com/twilio/callback)

**CONTENT TYPE**: Application/JSON

**REQUEST BODY**: `{{trigger.message | to_json }}` ( make changes as required based on your flow variables).

> HTTP request widget will forward the message body to Chatwoot. This will create a conversation in Chatwoot from where the agent can reply.

3. Make sure that your flow can handle the user responses to Agent Replies.

## Additional Inbox settings[](https://www.chatwoot.com/docs/product/channels/twitter#additional-inbox-settings)

Your freshly configured WhatsApp inbox should now appear in your list of inboxes. To see this and to make additional settings in your WhatsApp inbox, go to Settings → Inboxes → click the gear icon on the associated WhatsApp inbox. 

> All the Additional Settings available are the same as given in your Twitter inbox. We recommend going through [this link](https://www.chatwoot.com/docs/product/channels/twitter#additional-inbox-settings) to understand the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the additional settings available are the same as those in your Twitter inbox. We recommend going through [this link](/docs/product/channels/twitter#additional-inbox-settings) to understand the same.
```
